select disk 0
select volume 0
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 1
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 2
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 3
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 4
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 5
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 6
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 7
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 8
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 9
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 10
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 11
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 12
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 13
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 14
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 15
format fs=ntfs quick
select partition 0
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 1
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 2
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 3
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 4
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 5
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 6
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 7
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 8
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 9
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 10
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 11
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 12
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 13
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 14
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 15
delete partition OVERRIDE
select disk 1
select volume 0
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 1
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 2
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 3
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 4
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 5
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 6
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 7
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 8
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 9
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 10
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 11
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 12
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 13
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 14
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 15
format fs=ntfs quick
select partition 0
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 1
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 2
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 3
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 4
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 5
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 6
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 7
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 8
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 9
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 10
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 11
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 12
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 13
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 14
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 15
delete partition OVERRIDE
select disk 2
select volume 0
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 1
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 2
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 3
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 4
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 5
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 6
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 7
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 8
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 9
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 10
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 11
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 12
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 13
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 14
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 15
format fs=ntfs quick
select partition 0
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 1
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 2
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 3
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 4
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 5
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 6
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 7
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 8
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 9
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 10
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 11
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 12
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 13
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 14
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 15
delete partition OVERRIDE
select disk 3
select volume 0
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 1
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 2
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 3
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 4
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 5
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 6
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 7
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 8
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 9
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 10
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 11
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 12
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 13
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 14
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 15
format fs=ntfs quick
select partition 0
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 1
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 2
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 3
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 4
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 5
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 6
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 7
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 8
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 9
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 10
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 11
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 12
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 13
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 14
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 15
delete partition OVERRIDE
select disk 4
select volume 0
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 1
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 2
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 3
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 4
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 5
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 6
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 7
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 8
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 9
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 10
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 11
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 12
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 13
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 14
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 15
format fs=ntfs quick
select partition 0
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 1
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 2
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 3
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 4
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 5
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 6
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 7
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 8
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 9
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 10
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 11
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 12
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 13
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 14
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 15
delete partition OVERRIDE
select disk 5
select volume 0
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 1
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 2
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 3
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 4
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 5
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 6
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 7
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 8
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 9
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 10
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 11
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 12
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 13
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 14
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 15
format fs=ntfs quick
select partition 0
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 1
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 2
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 3
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 4
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 5
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 6
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 7
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 8
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 9
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 10
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 11
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 12
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 13
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 14
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 15
delete partition OVERRIDE
select disk 6
select volume 0
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 1
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 2
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 3
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 4
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 5
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 6
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 7
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 8
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 9
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 10
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 11
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 12
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 13
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 14
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 15
format fs=ntfs quick
select partition 0
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 1
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 2
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 3
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 4
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 5
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 6
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 7
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 8
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 9
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 10
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 11
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 12
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 13
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 14
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 15
delete partition OVERRIDE
select disk 7
select volume 0
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 1
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 2
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 3
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 4
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 5
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 6
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 7
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 8
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 9
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 10
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 11
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 12
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 13
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 14
format fs=ntfs quick
select volume 15
format fs=ntfs quick
select partition 0
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 1
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 2
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 3
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 4
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 5
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 6
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 7
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 8
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 9
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 10
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 11
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 12
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 13
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 14
delete partition OVERRIDE
select partition 15
delete partition OVERRIDE
